


Set Up Network Access for External Services
https://docs.paloaltonetworks.com/pan-os/10-1/pan-os-admin/getting-started/integrate-the-firewall-into-your-management-network/set-up-network-access-for-external-services
Register the Firewall
https://docs.paloaltonetworks.com/pan-os/10-1/pan-os-admin/getting-started/register-the-firewall

Segment Your Network Using Interfaces and Zones
https://docs.paloaltonetworks.com/pan-os/10-1/pan-os-admin/getting-started/segment-your-network-using-interfaces-and-zones

Network Segmentation for a Reduced Attack Surface
https://docs.paloaltonetworks.com/pan-os/10-1/pan-os-admin/getting-started/segment-your-network-using-interfaces-and-zones/network-segmentation-for-a-reduced-attack-surface#idf13795cf-8fe2-4f90-acb8-1429269ee07d




Configure Interfaces and Zones
https://docs.paloaltonetworks.com/pan-os/10-1/pan-os-admin/getting-started/segment-your-network-using-interfaces-and-zones/configure-interfaces-and-zones#idd5f608e0-6f9f-4438-8526-23d34d00b01a
Configure a default route to your Internet router.

Select Network>Virtual Router>
 and then select the default link 
 to open the Virtual Router dialog.

Select the Static Routes tab and click Add. 
Enter a Name for the route and enter the route in the Destination field
 (for example, 0.0.0.0/0).
 
Select the IP Address radio button 
in the Next Hop field and then enter
 the IP address and netmask for your 
 Internet gateway (for example, 203.0.113.1).

Click OK twice to save the virtual router configuration.

Configure the external interface (the interface that connects to the Internet).

Select Network>Interfaces and then select the interface
 you want to configure. In this example, 
 we are configuring Ethernet1/8 as the external interface.
 
Select the Interface Type. 
 Although your choice here 
 depends on interface topology,
 this example shows the steps for Layer3.
 
On the Config tab, select New Zone from the 
 Security Zone drop-down. In the Zone dialog, 
 define a Name for new zone, for example Internet,
 and then click OK.

In the Virtual Router drop-down, select default.

To assign an IP address to the interface,
 select the IPv4 tab, 
 click Add in the IP section, 
 and enter the IP address and network mask 
 to assign to the interface, for example 203.0.113.23/24.

To enable you to ping the interface, 
 select Advanced>Other Info, expand the 
 Management Profile drop-down, 
 and select New Management Profile.
 Enter a Name for the profile, select Ping
 and then click OK.
 
To save the interface configuration, click OK.

Configure the interface that 
 connects to your internal network.

In this example, the interface connects 
 to a network segment that uses private IP addresses. 
 Because private IP addresses cannot be routed externally, 
 
 you have to configure NAT.

Select Network>Interfaces 
 and select the interface you want to configure. 
 In this example, we are configuring Ethernet1/15 
 as the internal interface our users connect to.

Select Layer3 as the Interface Type.

On the Config tab, expand the Security Zone
 drop-down and select New Zone. In the Zone dialog,
 define a Name for new zone, for example Users, 
 and then click OK.

Select the same Virtual Router
 you used previously, 
 default in this example.

To assign an IP address to the interface, 
 select the IPv4 tab, 
 click Add in the IP section, 
 and enter the IP address and network mask 
 to assign to the interface, for example 192.168.1.4/24.
 
To enable you to ping the interface, 
 select the management profile 
 that you just created.

To save the interface configuration,
 click OK.
 
Configure the interface that connects 
to your data center applications.

Make sure you define granular zones to 
prevent unauthorized access to sensitive 
applications or data and eliminate the
possibility of malware moving laterally 
within your data center.
Select the interface you want to configure.

Select Layer3 from the Interface Type drop-down.
 In this example, we are configuring Ethernet1/1 
 as the interface that provides access to your 
 data center applications.
 
On the Config tab, 
 expand the Security Zone drop-down 
 and select New Zone. In the Zone dialog, 
 define a Name for new zone, 
 for example Data Center Applications, 
 and then click OK.
 
Select the same Virtual Router you used previously,
 default in this example.
 
To assign an IP address to the interface, 
select the IPv4 tab, click Add in the IP section,
 and enter the IP address and network mask to assign
 to the interface, for example 10.1.1.1/24.
 
To enable you to ping the interface, 
select the management profile that you created.

To save the interface configuration, click OK.

(Optional) Create tags for each zone.
  Tags allow you to visually scan policy rules.
  Select ObjectsTags and Add.
  Select a zone Name.
  Select a tag Color and click OK.

Save the interface configuration.

Click Commit.

Cable the firewall.

Attach straight through cables from the interfaces you configured 
to the corresponding switch or router on each network segment.

Verify that the interfaces are active.

Select Dashboard and verify that the interfaces you configured show as green in the Interfaces widget.