Set Up Network Access for External Services
https://docs.paloaltonetworks.com/pan-os/10-1/pan-os-admin/getting-started/integrate-the-firewall-into-your-management-network/set-up-network-access-for-external-services

Decide which interface you want to use for access to external services and connect it to your switch or router port.

The interface you use must have a static IP address.

Log in to the web interface.

Using a secure connection (https) from your web browser,
 log in using the new IP address and password you assigned during initial configuration 
 (https://<IP address>). You will see a certificate warning; that is okay. Continue to the web page.
 
(Optional) The firewall comes preconfigured with a 
default virtual wire interface between ports Ethernet 1/1 and Ethernet 1/2 
(and a corresponding default security policy and zones). 
If you do not plan to use this virtual wire configuration, you must manually delete 
the configuration to prevent it from interfering with other interface settings you define.

You must delete the configuration in the following order:

To delete the default security policy, 
 select PoliciesSecurity, select the rule, and click Delete.

To delete the default virtual wire, 
 select NetworkVirtual Wires, select the virtual wire and click Delete.

To delete the default trust and untrust zones, 
 select NetworkZones, select each zone and click Delete.

To delete the interface configurations, 
 select NetworkInterfaces and then select 
 each interface (ethernet1/1 and ethernet1/2) 
 and click Delete.
 
Commit the changes.

Configure the interface you plan to use for external access to management services.

Select NetworkInterfaces and select the
 interface that corresponds to the interface
 you cabled in Step 1.

Select the Interface Type. Although your 
choice here depends on your network topology, 
this example shows the steps for Layer3.

On the Config tab, expand the Security Zone drop-down and select New Zone.

In the Zone dialog, enter a Name for new zone, 
for example Management, and then click OK.

Select the IPv4 tab, select the Static radio button, 
and click Add in the IP section, and enter the IP address 
and network mask to assign to the interface, for example 192.168.1.254/24.
 You must use a static IP address on this interface.
 
 Select AdvancedOther Info, 
 expand the Management Profile drop-down,
 and select New Management Profile.
 
Enter a Name for the profile, such as allow_ping, 
and then select the services you want to allow on the interface. 
For the purposes of allowing access to the external services,
 you probably only need to enable Ping and then click OK.
 
 To save the interface configuration, click OK.
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Configure the Service Routes.
 By default, the firewall uses the 
 MGT interface to access the external services 
 it requires. To change the interface the 
 firewall uses to send requests to external services, 
 you must edit the service routes.
 
 Select DeviceSetupServicesGlobal 
 and click Service Route Configuration.
 
 Click the Customize radio button,
 and select one of the following:
 
For a predefined service, 
select IPv4 or IPv6 and click the link for the service. 
To limit the drop-down list for Source Address, 
select Source Interface and select the interface
 you just configured. Then select a Source Address
 (from that interface) as the service route.
 
If more than one IP address is configured for 
the selected interface, the Source Address drop-down
 allows you to select an IP address.
 
To create a service route for a custom destination, 
select Destination, and click Add. Enter a Destination IP address.
 An incoming packet with a destination address that matches this address
 will use as its source the Source Address you specify for this service route.
 To limit the drop-down for Source Address, select a Source Interface. 
 If more than one IP address is configured for the selected interface, 
 the Source Address drop-down allows you to select an IP address.
 
 Click OK to save the settings.
Repeat Steps 5.2 - 5.3 above for each service route you want to modify.
Commit your changes.
Configure an external-facing interface and an associated zone and 
then create a security policy rule to allow the firewall to send service 
requests from the internal zone to the external zone.

Select NetworkInterfaces and then select the external-facing interface. 
Select Layer3 as the Interface Type, Add the IP address (on the IPv4 or IPv6 tab), 
and create the associated Security Zone (on the Config tab), such as Internet. 
This interface must have a static IP address; you do not need to set up
 management services on this interface.
 
To set up a security rule that allows traffic from your
 internal network to the Palo Alto Networks update server, 
 select PoliciesSecurity and click Add.
 
 
 
 
 Create a NAT policy rule.
If you are using a private IP address on the internal-facing interface,
 you will need to create a source NAT rule to translate the address to 
 a publicly routable address. Select PoliciesNAT and then click Add. 
 At a minimum you must define a name for the rule (General tab), 
 specify a source and destination zone, Management to Internet in this case 
 (Original Packet tab), and define the source address translation settings
 (Translated Packet tab) and then click OK.
 
Commit your changes.

Select DeviceTroubleshooting and verify that
 you have connectivity from the data port to the external services, 
 including the default gateway, using the Ping connectivity test,
 and the Palo Alto Networks Update Server using the Update Server Connectivity test.
 In this example, the firewall connectivity to the Palo Alto Networks Update Server is tested.
 
After you verify you have the required network connectivity, 

continue to Register the Firewall and Activate Subscription Licenses.

Select Update Server from the Select Test drop-down.

Execute the Palo Alto Networks Update Server connectivity test.

Access the firewall CLI,
 and use the following command to retrieve
 information on the support entitlement for the
 firewall from the Palo Alto Networks update server:
 
request support
check 

If you have connectivity, 
the update server will respond with 
the support status for your firewall.